
 This guy has made millions of dollars selling a wedding planner spreadsheet budget tracker. Look at this garbage. Take a fucking look at this bro, right? He has a hundred and fifty thousand fucking sales selling like wedding planner spreadsheet a budget template all this fucking bullshit this guy has made I did the math and let's say it's just ten dollars, right? He has products for sixteen dollars. I'm doing it off of ten dollars This guy has minimum bro. That's one point five million dollars selling a fucking wedding planner budget tracker Look at this. Take a look at this. I had these are my AI agents that are I put inside of this ecosystem. They live in the ecosystem and I have them run autonomous businesses they run and manage these businesses autonomously we started an Etsy store Etsy store is almost at twenty five hundred fucking dollars with Just being managed and ran by my AI agents and I had them produce this here a few minutes ago Take a look at this bro. Look at how detailed look at how solid that looks and look at this asshole, bro This guy designed this himself. He probably spent fucking hours designing this shit And I dude pumped this out in two seconds. You're thinking too small man You're over here. You're on the other you're on the opposite side of the screen watching this video You're like dude. I want to start a business. I want to do this shit this dickhead selling fucking budget spreadsheets, bro Anything you're just not Thinking about you're not looking you have to go on these marketplaces, bro. See what's selling right and then just figure out a good business model that you could have your AI agents Completely manage and completely do all the work for you, bro. That's all I've been doing. That's all this little factory is we have our Etsy store Running out of here. I could see what my fucking agents are working on I could see what they're doing in real time what they're designing alive fucking feed I mean, I have a fiber service where we're pumping out YouTube thumbnails And this is for grabs. I'm not even doing this yet. I'm just trying to show you guys What's possible out here? There's so many fucking prod and this is just Etsy, bro. This is just Etsy What are you doing? What are you doing guys? What the fuck is everyone is doing fuck shit with their AI agents? Have them make you money. They should be paying for themselves, bro Paying for their fucking bullshit ultra runs on opus 4.6. I'm not paying for that Claude Max subscriptions are banned now for hope of claw You think I'm paying for his fucking API credits, bro Also, by the way, I've been getting a lot of questions Andrew. It's Claude Max's band, bro. You're gonna be spending thousands a month Dude, why do you think I have so many agents? I've been preparing for this for months That's why I have all these agents is so I could have an opus 4.6 or orchestrator manage Cheaper model agents, bro. That's the key fellas. That's the key. That's how you keep your budget You know in a good place. That's how you don't spend more than at least 400 a month, right? Especially if it's making money and that's just the autonomous businesses let alone This little factory instance here is helping me push out marketing content for my main business, which is my main fucking income, right? This is all just for fun, bro But seriously dude look in look into the marketplace is man