
 These are all my little AI agents here, and I built them this big ecosystem so that I could see where they are and what they're doing at any given moment. And in this video, I actually want to quickly go over each agent and actually what they contribute to our giant space station operation we have here. And I want to start with myself. I am in the little commander's chair there. I could actually manage the entire ship from one dashboard here so I could see the revenue we've made from the Etsy store that we're literally so close to hitting $2,000 on. I could see more in detail of what each agent's doing, the performance of the week. So I can manage essentially everything from here. And that's me. Ultron is also in the same room. He is the main commander of the entire ship. So when I'm not here or I'm jerking off or whatever, he's making sure the entire operation still runs smoothly. So that would be Ultron. He's just running on Opus 4.6. He's the main guy here. Nova is over here in the research. He is constantly doing research on the businesses we run, especially the automated businesses we have in the two factories we're running here. So for example, we run the Etsy store here that's almost made $2,000, which is pretty much 100% of the revenue we've made so far has been from the Etsy store. And he'll do research throughout the day on products performing really well on Etsy and other stores that are doing really well that we should compete with. And he takes that research over to Forge, which is actually the factory guy, and Forge will start to make the listings on Etsy for us. And moving on to Forge, he solely focuses on the Etsy store. He's connected to Nano Banana Pro and Printify. So he can actually design everything with Nano Banana Pro and put it on Etsy for us. And then Printify is connected to our Etsy store, which will manufacture and ship the product out for us. If you want to watch another video on the factory, I have another one for that. We're going to move on to Pixel. Pixel is the main design. designer of the entire station that you guys are looking at here. He designed like space. He designed each room. He is connected to Nano Banana Pro as well. And he also is over here creating YouTube thumbnails for people on Fiverr. So he runs the entire Fiverr service and pretty self-explanatory there. Cypher is over in the communications deck. He manages all of my emails. He responds to my emails. Even when you comment, if you were to comment on this video, he will pick that up and let me know what you said. So yeah, you know what? I'm going to leave it off here. And we're going to make a part two. If you guys want to see the rest of what the other agents do, let me know. We'll do a thousand likes and I'll give-- we'll finish this video off. I know you guys probably hate me for this. I know. I have to. I have no subscribers. This is the only way you guys will fucking follow me. So if you guys want to see more of this, if you guys want to see a part two, like the video and we'll do it.