
 This chick is making millions of dollars selling shitty fucking logos that she makes on Canva fucking what's her name? Oh, Lenna bro fucking Olenna. Are you fucking kidding me? Anyways Olenna makes shitty logos on Canva charges 450 look at her reviews. She has basically 1800 reviews. Let's do the math That's eight hundred and ten thousand dollars, and that's just assuming she's made eight hundred and ten thousand dollars not the rest of the sales she probably has Just 18 orders in queue that she has not fulfilled yet for people that want these shit logos Anyways point I'm trying to make AI agents. These are my agents that I put inside of this ecosystem Currently we actually run a fiber store or a service on fiber where we make YouTube thumbnails For people that don't know that they can AI generate YouTube thumbnails We charge them $20 and make AI generated YouTube thumbnails, but now I'm thinking bro since I'm inspired by fucking Fuck ass Olenna over here because I'm like bro. She's charging for $50 $450 for this fucking garbage You got what I'm saying you guys get what I'm saying. So here's what we did. We did a little test with Forge bang Same fucking shit bro. I should hit up sewn jajullery because my shit is better bro Forge or not forge What's his fuck ass name designer motherfucker? Where is he at should prism prism? Made this shit Tell me bro that this shit isn't fucking better So now I'm like alright. We're gonna charge $300 a month or three not a month. We're gonna charge $300 per logo And my shit's gonna be fucking better dude my shit's gonna be way better bro This is the point I'm trying to make is you guys can do it you guys can have your agents your AI agents do fucking anything bro What are you doing? What are you doing start businesses bro? Look into what other people are doing? Oh, let's over here is fucking a fucked hard bro. She doesn't know she can AI generate this shit Olenna has no fucking clue bro. She's working all day making logos Well, we're over here looking at what she's doing and I'm just gonna delegate her entire existence to my AI agents, bro To my AI agents. I'm done where you guys have to do this This is up for grabs. I haven't done it yet. Go on your computer now download open call set up opus set up A few other agents and get the fucking work. You don't even need to work get them to work Fucking done retiring off the internet. I'm sick of it