
 You need to build a little interactive ecosystem for your AI agents to live in so that you can watch them work and manage them all in one place. And, like for example, we have the two factory rooms here that run autonomous businesses. We have the research bay up here that's doing research on the autonomous businesses and how we can improve them. We have the media bay that will literally produce content for the automated businesses that we have here. We got a whole bunch of shit. going on, right? And the point I'm trying to make here, fellas, is most people with this revolutionary technology we have with AI agents are doing such dumb shit. And it's not their fault. Most of the internet is advertising. Oh, I use my AI agent to build a trading bot that prints me money. That's all fucking bullshit, guys. What you need to do instead. Don't build a trading bot. Start real businesses, right? Like the Etsy store. People are buying shit. It's on Etsy all day, and it's all slop. Anyway, whether it's human-made AI generated, it's fucking slop. It's all slop on Etsy. Go on Etsy, bro. It's all slop. The newsletter, pumping out content for the newsletter, we got a fiber service that's connected to fiber. And whenever we get an order for a YouTube thumbnail, it'll produce the YouTube thumbnail for it. These are all services that can literally be done by the AI. That's why I have them doing this. And that's what you guys need to do is figure out ways, go on the internet, look at what's selling, look at what people are buying, and think of ways you can have your AI agent automate the entire process for you. And that's what we've done. It's undeniable, fellas. We're at almost $2,000. I know. We haven't gotten a sale today. It's very sad. But we're at $2,000 on the Etsy store. And all this stuff is new. I mean, who even fucking knows what we're going to be making over here, right? We've only made 40 bucks on the fiber factory. So it's just like, bro, come on, build a business, practical business, fellas.