
 Biggest news ever $2,000 has been generated from this Etsy store. I know I know it's not that much I know you're looking at it $2,000, but bro I saw I saw fucking cheat TJ or he made like like four billion dollars in a month listen, bro the Etsy store Was starting not by me, bro. Not by me. I put my AI agents in this little AI AI slave dungeon where I keep them in they can't escape or in space And I have them proactively working for me 24/7 no breaks nothing just constant agony Working and they started I had them start an Etsy store because I was like listen motherfuckers, bro I'm not paying for this shit. You guys think I'm paying for all your bullshit No, old trying you think I'm gonna pay for your $200 a month quad max subscription. Yeah, go fuck yourself So I'm gonna show you guys actually how much this shit costs cuz I that's the biggest Question I keep getting asked you guys think I spent $20,000 a month on on API credits, bro Don't use API credits, dude $268 a month cuz we're not You know how much this shit would cost if it was all on open router or we were paying per token, bro I would kill myself dude Are you kidding me? This is a quad max subscription you get almost unlimited usage of opus 4.6 Which is the most capable AI model out in the world right now that fucking built what you're looking at here guys Was built this shit was built by opus 4.6 fellas There's no prompt not this is prompt per prompt a million times I prompted and then we came to this It takes time you guys got to slowly build this if you guys want to build something like this That's the tips I got to give you but that's not even the point the point is the the point is not to build this the point is to start Automated this what the fuck am I doing bro? Let me get out of the screen This point is to start businesses with your AI agents That's the point not this shit fuck the fun. This is fun, but bro Have your AI agents start in that T store or start selling game assets or start making music These fucking motherfuckers can do anything you want them to do and that's what most people are just not seeming to understand is There's so much shit selling on the internet that you could take advantage of and not even build or create or develop or Manage yourself you can have all this shit delegated to your agent And then You can see what they're doing at any given time you can see what they're building at any given time Watch what they're doing this make just have some sort of system where you can See what they're doing. That's it. You can do all this at discord guys the point No businesses with your AI agents stop fucking around stop making polymarket trading butt bullshit You're not gonna print money from the sky fellas. I'm sorry. I'm sorry