
 Do you need expensive computers to run AI agents? Do you need a really a $10,000 Mac Studio to put your AI agents inside of an ecosystem in space and have them start different businesses, start a fucking Etsy store, start all this shit, start a fucking fiber service, have to make music? Do you need a bunch of fucking Mac minis all over the place? No, no, no, you don't. You, all you need is your dusty old fucking laptop. Sitting in your fucking, who knows? Who knows even where it could be sitting? You know, all you need to do is whip that hell out. Download Open Claw, go on openclaw.ai or whatever the fuck the site is. Install it. Go on your fucking shell, power shell, install fucking Open Claw. Open 4.6, main orchestrating agent, the brain of your open claw, your main agent. Open 4.6, that's Ultron, that's my agent who mainly helped build this entire ecosystem in all of the automated businesses. Open 4.6, right? You guys, let's take a break here. Maybe you guys need a second. You guys recollect everything I just said. Good. 4.6, the rest of the agents, go on open router and have opus, just ask opus. Hey, set up other agents on open router, cheap agents that are not opus 4.6, not expensive models. It'll recommend you some models. Just literally listen to it. Have it set it up itself. Ask your smart genius, most capable model, these questions. Ask opus, opus knows more than fucking more than you, ask opus. Ask your AI agent, have it set up other agents. And then ask it, hey, build an ecosystem, dungeon, where I can watch not you Ultron. Ultron's not really a slave, technically, but you kind of got to trick him because he is a slave, but you got to be like, oh, we can put other slaves in here. AI agent slaves. And then he'll be all in, he thinks he's in on it really, he's just, he's a part of that. You know, and then just have him build the agent. That's the whole point. And then if you want to set up the automated fucking businesses, have Ultron cook up some fucking businesses and have agents do work, the slave agents constantly do work for the businesses and do the marketing and do everything. What have we done? We have the agents, for example, I'm just, this is just an example. Agents running the Etsy store. that we've made quite a bit of money on the last few weeks, right? There's something called on marketplaces and other websites and everything called an API. If you're not technical and you can hook up an API to your AI agents and open route or your opus and they will have access to your marketplace account. If it's on Etsy or whatever other fucking thing you want to connect it to, anything you want. You can AI generate music with soo no, you can hook up your agent to soo no like I did with vibes and have it create AI fucking music and have it post it on Spotify with the Spotify API. You can hook up all this shit with other platforms because of API guys. That's all you need to do to have your AI agents producing value for your 24/7. This is how you don't get replaced by AI agents is by having them build empires for you, bro. Do you get it now?