
 I built this entire ecosystem for all of my AI agents to live in so that I could see where they are, what they're doing at any time I want. I can manage all them here, see what they're doing, I can communicate with all them. We started a few automated businesses with it in which we actually progress in the game as we make more money. Both of these factories are running autonomous businesses. I have another video on that if you guys want to know more about the factory. But the biggest question that I've been asked so far from you guys is you guys want to know how much this shit costs. How much am I spending per month to have all of these AI agents proactively working for me 24/7. And what we're going to do now is we're actually going to take a little field trip over here to the treasury. The treasury is where I manage all of the costs for all of the agents and we can see how much we're spending. And we're spending $268 a month on just this. The Etsy store, as you guys know, we're so close, bro. We're 100 bucks away from hitting the $2,000 on that. And we actually just started the the fiber store recently, which we got our first two orders today for making thumbnails for people, which they the AI agents handle all of the orders that come in. And so when we haven't been paid on this, they're actually working on this shit right now. But $220 a month in subscriptions. I'm going to show you guys the orchestrator over here is Ultron. He lives in that little bay right there. And he is essentially the commander of the whole entire ship. When I'm fucking out, when I'm jerking off or whatever, he's over here making sure all operations run smooth and he runs on Opus 4.6. He costs about $200 a month. And we also have a codec subscription for $20 a month, which is with chat GBT. And then in terms of API tokens, the rest of the models we have are all running on open router. And then we have one local model, which is plan 3.5. That's running locally on this PC. And that's it guys. We've made and this is just like a money. It's made for itself. I told Ultron the other day, like two weeks ago when we started the Etsy store, I was like, bro, I'm not paying for you. You're 200 a fucking month too expensive. I'm not paying for your ass, bro. You have to pay for yourself. Start a business. Pay for yourself, bro. You're too expensive. That's what he did. We started the Etsy store. So he's paying himself off. Have them pay themselves off, bro. And then help have them like the main like I would spend literally 270 bucks a month just for this factory here, which it's just helping me pump out marketing content for my main business. Let alone the autonomous businesses it's running itself. Just that is worth the 270 a month. But yeah, we're not spending 10,000 a month on API tokens, bro. It's 268 a month. Two subscriptions in fucking open router. That's it. That's all this boss guys. That's it. It's worth it.