
 These are all my AI agents and I can communicate with all my AI agents here and they can communicate with each other. And I built them this ecosystem space station dungeon to live inside of in space so that I could watch them work and I organize them in all different rooms and they all have different job titles. And we created these two factory rooms here that you're looking at that run completely autonomous businesses that require no work for me. And in the rooms we actually have terminals where I can manage and see where we know what the agents are working on. I could see the analytics of the Etsy store and I have been pulled up here. So we're almost about to hit $2,000 in revenue on just the Etsy store, which has been the main way we've been making money so far. We started up a couple other services as well. But I can manage all my agents within the terminal and see what they're doing. We even have like all of the products from the company that provides essentially templates for products like these are all t-shirts that we could slap designs on. And then whenever we sell those t-shirts or whatever it is they have so many different products posters phone cases bags all sorts of stuff we have linked to the game here. And we could design all these different products put them on the Etsy store and then when they sell. Printify the company that provides all these templates in the products to place our designs on will actually go ahead and manufacture and ship out that product completely for us, right? And that's not all I mean we have a newsletter going on over here and the other factory same deal we have the terminal where I can manage like we have a music like an AI DJ his he's an AI agent that makes music 24/7. This agent here does he has a fiber service where we make YouTube thumbnails for people which we've only made 40 bucks on so far. But the point I'm trying to make here guys is most people with this revolutionary technology we have with AI agents right now are working on you know they're building like poly market trading bots crypto trading bots they think they're gonna print money from the sky with their fucking trading bots. I promise you bro if I wanted you guys to completely fall on your face and fail I would tell you to use your AI agents to trade for you like that's what I would tell you to do please do not have your agents trade for you don't have them build any trading bots bro you're just gonna waste a bunch fucking time what I advise you do instead is go on to the internet and go look at what's selling right Etsy's such a perfect example because look at this shit look at these fucking designs that people are putting out here people are buying this stuff like do you know how much Etsy makes off of people buying slop like this and this is just human made slop like look at this shit bro this is all garbage that people are designing and putting on Etsy and people are buying it and you all this can be automated by an AI agent you don't think an AI agent can design this fuck ass shit are you kidding me bro that's what I'm trying to say and that's just one example right like over here we have game assets being designed 24/7 look at this bro this is our competition you don't think an AI agent connected to nano banana probe can generate a better matte a 2D Mac than this brother come on and let alone fiber all the businesses you could start or have your AI agent start on fiber in terms of design like I'm just doing YouTube thumbnails over here right it's it's just pumping out YouTube thumbnails for people on fiber all the time and guys this is what you need to be doing is selling going on the internet looking for things that people are already buying that you could have your AI agents automate in your little ecosystem or you don't even need this you could set all this all these workflows up in a you don't even need this interactive panel right you can set all these automations up in a discord server and it would be a lot easier than making this year but the point I'm trying to make is start real businesses guys