
 Everybody wants to know how I have my AI agents living inside of this ecosystem that I put them inside of my AI sleeves that I could watch them work 24/7, right? And I have I have them, you know running the Etsy store, which we've made Almost fucking 2500 bucks. I haven't listened guys. I know it's embarrassing. I haven't gotten a sale today I was just grilling the agents in the war room This is where we have our meetings and I was I was like you guys man This is fucking Asinine that we have had no sales today. So they're grinding. They're posting work. I have forage or not forage. I have a Fucking pixel up here. He's focused on Pumping out some TikToks right now, right? Anyways, everybody wants to know Andrew bro. How did you design this? The GUI bro. How do you do it? How do I get my agents living inside of an ecosystem where I could fucking watch them and creep in? And add huzz add huzz serving drinks to my agents so that they could work harder Everybody wants to know this listen you're before I answer that you're worried about the wrong shit Everybody in my comments is worried about the wrong thing you guys are mesmerized that I can look at the agents But the fact that they autonomously make money and they run their own businesses Like we have an Etsy store. We have a fucking fiber service where we're making YouTube thumbnails for pretty much fucktards. They don't know They could just AI generate thumbnail. We're just taking advantage of people. They don't realize that they could just AI generate this shit themselves and there's a whole there's billions billions of people you guys They don't understand what the fuck this shit is right? So you guys are worried about the wrong things worried about how you can have your agents your AI agents provide you value This is what matters right and under production. This is where it helps me pump out marketing content for my main business. This is the shit that matters Guys you guys could do all of what I'm doing in a discord if you're a beginner listen if you're a beginner I highly advise you to not just skip Thinking about the GUI that I have here. This is not what's important. What's important is that your AI agents provide you real value Real fucking value. That's the whole point of this shit is to stay ahead of everybody else not to be mesmerized by my GUI I know this shit's cool. It's fun Completely changed the way that I you know work because I fucking can do a lot of work out of a literal tycoon video game of my AI agents Living in in a dungeon in space. It's it's hilarious. It's fun, but it's not the point you guys in to answer your question finally Bro this shit is AI generate you can see each square in the middle of space, bro. I don't even think nano banana pro is what design Which is the best AI image model out right now. I think it was a worse model than that Every room you see every character even me. It's all designed by nano banana pro or rather a shittier model than an open-end product But that's not important you guys. It's not important thing the important fucking thing is Value what it does for you not this shit you guys