
 If you plan on starting a business with your AI agents, this is the Etsy store that my AI agent started, and they completely autonomously run. They design everything. They're fucking working right now. I built this ecosystem for them to live inside of so that I can watch them do all these different automations and workflows and manage these autonomous businesses. We also have a fiber service, research bay, media bay. This is where I fucking pump out my YouTube videos and my TikTok. Check this out. You guys want to know how the TikToks are made, bro? Drag and drop the clip right in fucking there. This motherfucker schedules the content for me. So every time you see me post, it's not me. They schedule it in the media bay. And this media bay also posts the TikToks whenever he creates product photos for Etsy. So he'll create product photos for Etsy. He takes those product photos and fucking posts, bro. You get what I'm saying. But anyways, this is a critical feature that I'm not sure I'm not sure the Etsy store would have done so well without this critical feature I added here when I originally started the Etsy store. And that's this feedback system I created, right? Forge over here. If you take a look, where is he that rat bastard? He's right here. Forge, when I originally had him start this Etsy store, I had him test some designs. I was like, yo, Forge, give me some fucking designs. Let me see what you got. And they were fucking terrible, bro. They were awful garbage. So what I did is I was like, Forge, you're hopeless. I'm gonna have to manually approve all your fucking designs. And if I like them, I'm gonna, I'm gonna obviously select approve. If I fucking hate it and it's the worst slop garbage I've ever seen, I'm gonna reject it. And I did this a few hundred times. So he is now fully trained. Forge is 100% trained by me and what I like and what I didn't like. I gave him tons of data of the feedback and exactly what I want and what I expect from him. And now he knows. Now I don't have to take a look at what he designs. I trust him. And he does his designs that he makes are based off the research that our homie, Nova does up here in the research bag, right? In which, like I was just looking earlier, I'm not sure if it's still up there. The agents are still talking about this. I was peeping the agents, speaking to each other earlier. And they were they were talking about fucking. Yeah, he's not talking about anymore. They were talking about Mother's Day next month and how we need to start creating a collection for Mother's Day because people are gonna be buying tons of shit on Etsy for their fucking moms. And that's bro, there, Nova's doing research on the holiday. That's what does well, right? Colidays come around. People start buying shit on Etsy. You gotta be prepared for this shit. Nova knows what's good. He sends that along to Forge for just like that. And then he starts pumping on designs that are solid. His designs for just designs are great because we added a feedback system. You guys get it. You get what I'm saying. You get what I'm saying.