
 This guy makes $1.2 million a year selling AI slop portraits of pets. You come onto this website here and you upload a picture of your fucking dog or your fish or whatever the fuck ass pet you have. And he sends you some bullshit slop portrait. People are eating this up. Look at this guy. Look at how happy these people are, bro. He doesn't look very happy. But he also doesn't know how to AI generate a slop photo of his dog. This guy has no clue. He's paying this dick head like 40 bucks for a slop portrait. And so I was on Etsy. I was looking on Etsy. I said, wow, bro. Holy shit. Everybody's selling these fucking slop portraits. And old people, listen to me, old, you're probably thinking, who buys this shit? Old people? Can't even fathom how to create something like this. How to prompt nano bananas, create a shitty ass. Renaissance portrait of a pet. They can't fathom this. They can't understand it. That's why they're paying these people to produce slop images. And if you know, if you watch my videos, you'll know that I have my AI agents living inside of this ecosystem dungeon space. In space. My AI agents can't escape, bro. They're stuck inside in here. They have to work 24/7 proactively. And I had them start in Etsy store because I was like, bro, listen, these guys are expensive. They cost money. I was like, dude, I'm not paying for any of your bullshit, dude. You guys are going to have to pay for yourselves. So I had them start in Etsy store. I'm going to pull up a terminal. Yes, bro. They'd almost-- What the fuck? What the fuck happened? We've made almost $3,000, bro, on this Etsy store so far, which is not enough. It's just not enough, man. It's pissing me off. I'm depressed because I'm like, bro, three grand in three weeks is nonsense. We could do much better than that. But so far, we've been selling-- we've been taking advantage of holidays. I actually come from the e-commerce space. I actually didn't sell courses on e-commerce. My channel on TikTok is brand new because I actually used to sell products on these marketplaces and not make content about it because it was my main income. So I'm very skilled in terms of the e-commerce space. I understand what the fuck I'm doing. And we've had my AI agents or I've had them put designs on either t-shirts or hoodies or mugs. And we've been taking advantage of holidays. So St. Patrick's Day just passed, Easter just passed. We sold a ton of shit. It's related to holidays because that does extremely well. People want to give gifts for Easter, whatever the fuck. So that's what we've been doing. We've been having them focused on holiday related products. But I was so inspired by this-- not even these people, but this guy here, because he's making literally around $100,000 a month selling these pet portraits. I was like, you know what? We're going to put a halt on the Etsy products that we're producing. And we're going to focus not on this. We're not going to steal this guy's idea. No, I have a more genius idea. I have a smarter idea. I have a better idea. So I went to Forge and I said, you know what? We're going to make the most absurd, slop fucking business in the world. Check this out. People are going to upload their fucking photos of their dog. And they're going to get a movie post. or an album cover. This is the Drake album cover. This is what you're going to get. Old people, bro. They're freaking out over this shit. People are freaking out over AI slop renaissance. Bro, they're going to lose their minds when they see their dog on a Star Wars poster. They're not even going to know what to do with themselves. Dude, this idea. If you don't steal this idea, this is a trillion dollar fucking idea. What are you doing? Steal this. The smart people that are watching this are going to steal this shit. I was worried about making this video because I was like, bro, someone is just going to run with this immediately. But you're in trouble because I already have Forge fucking hauling ass to produce these fucking movie poster related dog portraits. This is going to kill this shit, bro. And the whole point of this video is guys, man. Download Open Claw. Today, have them set up a business. I'm worried about my GUI. Everybody's worried about how to set up the ecosystem. Fuck the ecosystem. You're going to waste a bunch of time putting the ecosystem together. Set this up in a Discord. And have your AI agents start businesses. Go on Etsy. See what's selling. Go on other marketplaces. See what's selling. And ask yourself, hmm. Can I delegate this guy's entire existence to my AI agents? Can I do that? And then start talking. your AI agents. And have them produce shit. And then test it out. Take a look at it for yourself. If they suck ass, bang, set up a system where you will either approve or reject what they made. So over time, they get smarter. They'll understand your decision making over time. They'll understand, okay, this is what's bad. This is what's good. Start a fucking business. It's either listen, listen to me. It's either you start understanding AI agents and how they work and understanding the most revolutionary technology this planet has ever seen. Or I replace you with my AI agents that are getting served drinks by anime huzz now in space. And they're going to replace your entire existence. You're going to be eradicated by my fucking AI agents living inside of a fucking ecosystem dungeon. This is just an example of what's out there, of what you guys can do. Go and do it!