
 So, how do you get your AI agents that live inside of your ecosystem dungeon and space that you built for them? How do you get them to work for you proactively 24/7? How do you do it? Listen, bro. Your fucking agents like to have some fun too, and you know what I'm saying? They like to have things too. It's not all about you. Do you think this is for me? No. This is for fucking them. Do you think the crew quarters? What do you think this room's fucking for? Do you think they come and sleep in here? They don't ever sleep. For one reason and one fucking reason only, I'll let you decide what that fucking is for. Anyways. Anyways. Check this out. Really cool. Look at the current station we have. Right? Right? Right? Current station. All the agents. All different job titles. Do a different shit. Check this out. If we want to make a new room, this is the builder mode. Everything. I do everything inside the game. Nothing's done outside the game. I don't need anything else anymore. We can just create the room from here. The factory. We can create it from here. A research lab. Whatever the fuck it is. We can make it all inside the game. That's the whole point of this, guys. This isn't for show. This isn't for fucking around, dude. This is a visualization of agents working on shit in the real world. In the real life. This isn't fucking around. This is some real shit. This is a real station. Productivity AI farm. Making me money. I mean, they have the Etsy store. The fiber service is making money. We got shit going on here, guys. This is the most fun way to interact with your AI agents. I don't see anybody else on the internet doing this. That's the only reason I'm sharing this with you guys. Because I see everybody else using Open Claw and all these different AI agents to build bullshit, polymarket, crypto trading bots and all that fuck shit. And I'm trying to explain that you guys can start fucking real deal businesses where you have your agents run store. Like an Etsy store autonomously for you. This is just what I do, guys. So many businesses you could start using your AI. Remember, we're only a few, like we're two weeks basically into this Etsy store that it started for me. And that's not like it's helping me with my main business. Pump out marketing content for my main business, which is my main income. Like this is all for fun. Like this is just let me see what happens if I put my AI agents in charge of its own business. And it can make money. It's not like people think this is absurd impossible and all this shit yet. If you go on Etsy or if you go on these other platforms where other humans, real people are making millions of dollars. Like some people on Etsy make a hundred K a month selling slop garbage that they make themselves that I realize, bro, my AI agents can do this for me. Like e-commerce is a growing industry by the year. And people buy all sorts of garbage. And that's just Etsy, bro. That's just Etsy. What about the other platforms we have?