
 Six orders on this fiber service that is completely automated by my AI agents that are living inside of this ecosystem that I put them in. And so we got them working on the YouTube thumbnails right now in which that's what the whole fiber services is. They make YouTube thumbnails for people. The thumbnails look fucking great. It's just some people and fiber don't know that they could just make thumbnails with AI using nano banana pro. So we're kind of just taking advantage of people that don't use this technology. right now. And we started the Etsy store, which were already at almost $2,100. And we just we had fucking like three orders come in today. And yeah, we have a full autonomous Etsy store running out of this bitch. We can see what my agents are doing. He's fucking making a design right now. Right. We got a whole bunch of shit going on in the factories. We got this motherfucker vibes over here. He's an AI DJ. Right. His sole purpose over here, this guy is he just makes music 24/7. And we can kind of see what he's working on right now. He's kind of in training mode. Some of the songs suck ass. Yeah, he's making a new song right now. But check out. He makes his own visualizer. Yeah, what I'm saying, he's fucking amazing, bro. He sounds glorious. You get what I'm saying guys. And yeah, these are I mean, this is just the music we have a fucking newsletter we started where it's pumping out content for the newsletter. We got fucking game assets being pumped out of here indie developers, indie game developers. They need player models. They need game assets. They need all sorts of shit. We're fucking making it fellas. And all I did was go on the internet and type in Etsy type in all these platforms. And I just took a look what's selling what's selling right now. And then I gathered some information. Okay, this is what's selling. And then I just have my agents produce the same thing that these other humans are producing. That's all right. That's slop anyways, bro. They're making slop. I might as well just have my AI agents make slop too. You get what I'm saying guys. Nobody knows this is possible. You are one of the you are of the 1% that understands that AI agents can do shit like this. Now, what are you going to do now fellas? What are you?