
 Imagine coming home to your loving wife, loving wife, right? You walk in your place with, you have the most devastating fucking news of your entire existence. And you're like, "Huddy, I just lost my job and my company. "It just got wiped off the map." And your wife, she said, "What happened? "What are we gonna do? "We're gonna have to sell the house. "Oh no, what are we gonna do?" And you're gonna be like, "Well, Andrew's AI agent slaves. "But he has trapped inside of this sweatshop ecosystem dungeon where he has them working around the clock. Yeah, they just replaced our entire fucking company. And they just IPO'd. They IPO'd their company and replaced us. And every investor fucking went over to them instead. Andrew's AI agent slaves. Yeah, they just moved all their money and just invested in them instead. What are we gonna do? We're gonna putty, we're gonna have to move out on the street. Yeah, bro. Yeah, that's gonna be you in about T minus six fucking months, bro. Because I'm about to obliterate your entire existence, bro. Whatever you do for a living, you're going to work clockin' in and out. Yeah, bro, your replacement is about to be my fucking AI slaves that get served drinks as they work. Yeah, bro, that's your fucking replacement. I'm sorry. I know that's a little heavy. But yeah, that's gonna be your replacement. These fuck heads living inside of my dungeon. Are gonna replace your entire existence, bro. You're gonna be a purposeless human being with no job, no purpose, no skill set, nothing. Even if you have a skill set, it doesn't matter because they're better. Now, in the meantime, we're actually working on exterminating every single Etsy seller on the market. I had my Open Claw agent start their own Etsy store, which I haven't pulled up here. This is the Etsy store. We've made almost 5,000 bucks, right? And I think nobody else is really like in the AI space is talking. talking about why you should have your Open Claw agent start specifically in Etsy store. And I'm gonna tell you why it's such a good business to have your AI agent start. It's because you look at this shit on here. You have to understand, like this is Etsy, right? You have to understand all of these buyers that are buying whatever the fuck this shit is. They all are under the impression that these are all like small businesses, like hand-making all of these products. 'Cause that's what Etsy's advertised as. A platform where small businesses sell handmade shit. So every fucking buyer on here is like, "Oh, I'm supporting a small business." And that's why I have them specifically selling shit on Etsy is because, bro, these people never in a million fucking years would think that the product they're buying, whatever it is, was generated by a fucking AI agent living inside of my CLI of my computer. They would have no fucking clue that would ever be possible. So that's why Etsy's such an amazing platform, even over your own website, like selling shit on your own website. Go to Etsy. Simply because Etsy is like the marketing that's behind Etsy, right? All these buyers, they have no clue. They have no clue that all this half the shit on here is drop shipped or whatever the fuck case it is. And that's why, bro, I can't stress enough. This is one of the best businesses you could start, is an Etsy store. Nobody else is doing it. I literally feel like I'm the only one running an Etsy store with my AI agents. And that's obviously just one business that we're running. We have the Fiverr service, which is growing every single day. We're getting more and more orders every single day. We've made over $1,000 just on the Fiverr service. We haven't made too much money selling the game assets yet. Obviously, we have vibes making music over there. He hasn't really generated a dime yet. This is kind of a slow-- it's going to take some time for him to actually generate money on Spotify and YouTube. We have the newsletter not generating that much money. But Etsy, bro, it took off within the first few days because all I had was a research agent doing research on, obviously, Etsy stores perform well. He brings that research over to my agent that creates listings. And then the agent that creates listings will feed the listings, like the photos, the product photos, over to my media agent that will go ahead and post it on TikTok and handle all of the marketing. And that's it, bro. You can have your AI agents autonomously running an entire Etsy business. And it is one of the best platforms to sell on right now, for sure, at least having AI agents sell it. Because these buyers would never imagine a million fucking years that they're buying a product that was generated by literally completely generated by AI, and the AI is actually managing the entire fucking business. Yeah, they would never know. Start an Etsy store, set up your open cloth today, start fucking 20 businesses, bro. And also, follow me if you want to watch us generate trillions of dollars with my AI agents. Because we're coming for you. We're coming for you. We're genuinely underselling the capabilities of these AI agents. I promise you, bro. Nobody-- everybody thinks that they're dumb, bro. They're genius level IQ employees, and they could do anything you fucking want. If you're sitting down at your computer every day, and you're working for a few hours, I promise you, write down every single fucking thing that you do on a daily basis in terms of work on your laptop. And I guarantee you, your AI agents could do it for you. Everybody's underselling the capabilities of this shit. I'm a max, bro. I'm agent maxing. The fuck-- I'm agent maxing, bro. Dude, I haven't even showed you guys shit. Dude, we have a whole neural net. We have a whole fucking obsidian built into the game now. And we have a fucking-- our own version. Our own fucking version of linear. So all of these-- bro, these are all the tasks that my agents are working on. You can build anything you want. All you have to do is tell your agents to build it. All you have to do is tell your agents to build it. They'll do anything you could-- the only fucking limits, bro. This is cheesy as hell. The only limits is your imagination. You can do anything you want. You can build anything you want. This is nothing. Building this is nothing. I'm just trying to be the guy on the internet You need to take advantage of this now. You need to take advantage of this now, bro.