
 Humans love to buy dumb shit that they don't need. Look at all this stuff. People make hundreds of thousands of dollars in this example on Etsy, selling sludge shirts to people that can't help themselves but to just buy because they're just consumers of slop and can't help themselves. So that's why, exactly why I have my AI agents living inside of this fucking sweatshop that I keep them enslaved inside of, working around the clock to produce consumerism sludge that you guys are looking at here. And Fiverr is another great example. Look at all these sludge look at this, bro. Look how terrible this looks. There's so many services being sold on Fiverr that you can delegate all these fucking services to AI agents to your sweatshop that you have your AI agents living inside of and they could do all this work for all these people. None of these people know that are buying this people that are buying from Jess their shit logo from Canva for 45 bucks. They don't know that they can AI generate this shit in about 10 seconds. And these are just two good examples. And for my example, just one example, I have them producing clothing. We started our own Etsy store and they're just putting designs on these fucking t-shirts in hoodies, bro. And these humans, they can't help themselves, bro. They just buy. They need this stuff. They don't know why they need it, but they fucking need it, bro. And we have a whole bunch of shit that they're just producing sludge for humans all day. That humans can help themselves with the buy. They listen to music, humans listen to music, bang, we're making music. Bang, we started a Fiverr service, bro. We have some thumbnails they're pumping out right now. We've made quite a bit of money because these fuck ass people that have these jobs, they don't need to, they don't need to exist anymore, bro. I don't know because their entire fucking jobs and their purposes of life are just meaningless now. They're meaningless now. 'Cause we have my AI agents just doing their jobs without any work from me. And the list goes on. These are just the ideas I'm working on, bro. There's eight billion humans that are hardwired sludge consumers. They can't help themselves with a buy shit like this. It's more powerful than nature. nature in fucking life itself, bro. It's the flow of the economic system, bro. So why not just dedicate an entire fucking gang of AI agents to contribute to this global economic system? Why not? If they're already buying this sludge elsewhere, they might as well be buying it from you, bro. The world, listen, the world's a fucking disaster. It's a mess. It's a mess, but we're at an all-time high of global e-commerce sales. There are more consumers out buying shit like this than there ever has been in the world ever. And they're all buying it from other fucking people, bro. When you can just dedicate these other humans' existences and their purposes of life making clothes, they make clothes for a living. You can just dedicate that to their agents, bro. With tools like Open Claw and Claude Code and Hermes Agent, it has never been easier to start and scale a business ever ever. And we just had, today, alone, I'll just pull it up. On our Etsy store, we had a $500 day almost. And then on our fucking Fiverr service, let me open it up in here. As I showed you, they're already pumping out the orders from today. We had six fucking orders. We have a 120 pending revenue. That's almost a $620 fucking day. And these people are just gonna keep buying 'cause they can't fucking help themselves, bro.