
 If you work a job, you go to work and you clock in and out and shit, I just want to let you know you're about to get decimated from reality. You're about to get fucking annihilated by my AI agents that are living inside of a fucking ecosystem sweatshop that I keep them enslaved inside of. And I just want to show you, in this video, how you're about to get fucking obliterated. I'll show you right now. For example, we have the two factory roads. And we start, we add them start an Etsy store. Let's go. Let's actually go peep in to the factory one. We'll take a look for you. Bang. I pulled up the Etsy store. I made $3,800 for basically just copying what other people did on Etsy. Other stores that were performing extremely well. We are annihilating them day by day. Every single person on Etsy selling products, you're fucked because my AI agents are about to outsell you because all they do is work. 24/7. You're a human being. You need to eat and shit. They don't need to do that. So they're about to completely just destroy you. So I figured it wasn't enough to just obliterate every single Etsy seller in existence. I figured, why not just obliterate a few other industries? So we started our own fucking five or service. I have them. We haven't had too many orders today. It's been a little bit depressing. We only had five orders. So we have about a hundred bucks pending for today. We made $1,000. So we're just going to demolish every single human that's working in any industry ever. And I said, you know what, the fucking, even the five or service, bro, it's not enough. We need to start more fucking businesses. You guys aren't making enough money. You rat fuck AI agents, bro. You guys need to work harder. So I said, fuck it. Let's start a supplement company selling fucking shit that humans put in their bodies. Peptides are in. Supplements are in. All this shit's in. So we started our own fucking store on Suppleful. Suppleful, if you go to the catalog, they have all these different products here that you can put your own fucking design on and just sell it yourself. So we started our own website selling these fucking fuck ass products. And then I had them create ads with fake humans that don't exist to review our products. I was nervous to try it. Wasn't sure what to expect, but I have never felt so locked in. Not even real. This guy, too. I wasn't too sure about what to expect, but damn, I have honestly never been so locked. This is crazy. Fuck you. And then I said, bro, that's not even fucking enough. We need to create game assets. People are selling who are we're going to living selling game assets to indie developers. I said, no, they don't need to be selling this. They need to be fucking us. You guys need to take over the entire fucking market. So that's what we're doing. We're selling game assets. assets. And then I just wasn't fucking satisfying. I was like, what the fuck are we doing? This is not enough. So I said, bro, I'm going to need a DJ up in this bitch to start cooking up some bangers. So we created vibes over here. He has his own studio. He's fucking chilling out right now. We're going on a new song. Check out. He uploads his own music on YouTube and creates visualizers for his songs. Look at this. Unfathomable. Yeah, bro, what the fuck are we doing? You could spend years on whatever skillset you have in your personal life. And I can just spawn in a fucking non-existent entity that see, and they'll just fucking do the same thing that you do. Bro, what are you doing? If you don't have these things running your entire fucking life, you're about to get replaced by them. It's just simply what's going to happen to you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, bro. It's been a good run for you. But you're done for.