
 This is our biggest day on our Fiverr store that is completely and autonomously ran and managed by my AI agents living inside of a fucking prison dungeon in space. What the fuck happened? Prison dungeon in space, they're enslaved and they work around the clock 24/7. And since they're so fucking expensive, bro, and I was sick of paying for their fuck asses, I had them start businesses in these two factory rooms. And we started obviously the fucking Fiverr service, we have the Etsy store over there. And they're currently cooking up thumbnails right now as we speak, filling up the orders. And yes, I know, it's depressing. You're probably making fun of me. $483 fucking dollars in a week and a half. You couldn't have done more. Aren't these the most superior agents in the world? Superior intellect and they can't make more than $500 fucking dollars. Are you kidding me? Well, we do have 160 pending revenue from today. But yes, it's depressing. I know, I'm fucking ashamed of these motherfuckers, bro. I'm gonna be going ape shit on them in a little bit. And we have the Fiverr, not the Fiverr store, we have the Etsy store that's made, we hit three grand today on the Etsy store. So I will give them some credit because I grilled them this morning in the war room and they actually did have a good day. But I did want to make this video because we have made some changes the factory rooms because of the poor fucking performance of them. We're changing some shit around. This used to help me out with my main business for marketing. No, we're changing it. This is going somewhere fucking else. Instead, fellas, we're starting a fucking supplement company, baby. Listen, new tropics are in, peptides are in, people are putting shit in their bodies. My AI agents are gonna be selling it to them, right? So we're taking advantage. Suppleful, you can hook up to your AI agents and they can start producing designs and logos for your supplement products. These supplement products are provided by Suppleful. So when you get an actual order or a sale, Suppleful will take care of it for you, which is a mate. They have all these different fucking products here that you could sell and just have your AI agents just pump out shit for it. Take a look at what they fucking did. You're not supposed to see that yet. They already made the sticker for the products with this fucking supplement facts on it. Look, mind, mind max, bro. It's fucking genius. Mind, mind maxing. It's brilliant. It's fucking brilliant, bro. Look at the ad they made, these motherfuckers. - I was nervous to try it. Wasn't sure what to expect, but I have never felt so locked in. - Bro, what the fuck? This guy doesn't even exist. He's not even fucking real. He was generated by four, bro. It's insane. I know, it's insane. I had them cook up a website too. It looks very trustworthy. It looks very doctor-recommended, but it's also lacking a little bit. This doesn't look very good. So I'm about to get on fucking Forge in a minute and go fuck all on that motherfucker. We're selling for 40 bucks because why not? People are buying them. So yeah, this looks pretty good so far. I'll keep you guys updated with the supplement store we're starting. But obviously Vibes over here, if you haven't heard, he's an AI DJ. It's all he does. It's his whole purpose is he makes visualizers for the songs. He makes music and he puts it on YouTube and Spotify. Check out his new fucking song, dude. It's glorious, bro. Dude, he's brilliant. All he does is make deep house music. He sounds so fucking good. It makes me want to cry, bro. He's going to be at ultra next year. Just you wait, bro. He's going to be at ultra Miami next fucking year, bro. No questions asked. Fuck John's Summit. Fuck all these motherfuckers, bro. He's an ex-big thing. He lives inside of my dungeon. It's prison. He's enslaved. It's all he does. Make music. Make great music, actually. Anyways, this guy makes $100,000 if you didn't know. I've talked about this in my last video. Yeah, he sells slop. portraits of pets. You basically upload a picture of your fish or your hamster or whatever the fucking pet you have. And he sends you a slop photo of it in the mail. Look at that guy. Look how happy that guy is. Look how happy that guy is actually happy. And none of these people, none of these people, not an AI generate fucking anything. They're amazed by this slop. They're amazed by it. They get sent this in the mail and they're happy. Went on Etsy. Everyone's fucking doing this on Etsy. Every motherfuckers selling slop cats, renaissance. I don't know why it's all renaissance themed. This gave me the most brilliant idea of my life, bro. I had a fucking moment. And I was like, fuck these guys. Fuck this guy. He's making $100,000 a month. Bro, I have the most brilliant idea ever. I'm gonna fucking destroy this guy. Just you wait. Watch this. I had Forge cook this up, dude. Look at the-- or Prism cook this up. Instead of people uploading pictures of their dogs and getting this fucking renaissance bullshit, which isn't that cool. You know, you gotta understand old people are amazed by this. They don't understand how this works. So that's why they fucking-- they buy it 'cause they don't know how it works. Bro, imagine how relatable it's gonna be when they see their dog on a godfather post. So they're not even gonna know-- Look at this. People are gonna lose their fucking heads over this shit. Their dog on a purple fucking rate. Dude, are you kidding me? Harry Potter with your dog's head on it? They're not even gonna know what to do with themselves, bro. Listen, if you're not building AI agents, bro. You're clocking it every day. Listen, I'm coming for your livelihood, bro. These motherfuckers are about to replace you. What are you doing, bro? Listen, AI agents, you need open call, bro. You need AI agents doing everything for you. You can start all this shit without doing any work. You just having fucking agents do it. Why am I the only one on here giving the most immense value? I'm the most generous guy in the universe.