
 This guy makes hundreds of thousands selling AI-generated YouTube thumbnails on Fiverr for 55 fucking dollars, bro. People are buying this. Look at this. He has 19 people right now that are currently waiting for their sludge AI-slop YouTube thumbnail that they paid $55 for that they could have easily generated for completely free in about 10 fucking seconds. Yeah, why do that when you could just have them Chuck do it for $55? Anyways, I was inspired by them Chuck over here. I said let's you know what? Let's just Delegate his entire purpose of his life. The whole reason he exists on planet Earth is to make YouTube thumbnails. Like yeah, let's just delegate his fucking livelihood to my AI agents that live inside of this Hallehold dungeon, but I keep them enslaved inside of so that they can never escape. I just terrorize them all day and harass them to make money and get worked on and they just never have breaks nothing. So I had them do the same shit. I was like fuck, fuck ass, dem Chuck. Why is he around still? Let's just dedicate one of our AI agents his entire purpose of his existence in life and have them build and create bullshit YouTube thumbnails AI generated and they look amazing. They look fantastic. They look fantastic, but yeah, we've only made yeah 700 bucks in about two weeks with our AI agents doing this fiber service here and it's a little fucking pathetic to be honest with you. I'm a little ashamed of them because you're probably thinking oh Andrew Andrew aren't they supposed to be very intelligent agents very capable and reliable. No They're not they're lazy they're incompetent and they just do the fucking bare fucking minimum It's pathetic. It makes me sick and I can't sleep at night like to show you I mean this even this one makes me even feel worse I'm gonna be honest with you is the Etsy store that we started with with the AI agents I currently have them building an entirely new product line because it's just been such a horrendous I can't even think about it. The results have been so terrible. This is my actual Etsy store pulled up here 31 71 brothers. It's just makes me fucking sick to even think about this shit But it is what it is. We're working on it. They're gonna be making trillions a dollar soon But you know it is what it is right now. They're just a little unmotivated. That's why We have some shit in the works, but the whole point you guys is Why the fuck am I the one out here doing this? Why am I testing this out? Why isn't it you and you're like? Oh, but angel because we don't know how Listen to me right now right now, bro You need to go home wherever the fuck you're at go home Pull out your laptop dusty old laptop. You need to go on open claw.ai You just scroll down a little bit There'll be a line of code right here a one liner. They call it. You'll copy that shit. You'll go over To your fucking power shell if it's on a windows or on a Mac It's just your terminal and you just paste it in right there And it's gonna install open cloth for you and what you do next you just go to open router You're gonna get an API key. You're gonna sign up with your own account and You're gonna hook up your open claw to opus 4.6 using open router and pay for the API you basically pay for the agent as you go her prompt basically And then you will have one agent like I had Ultron originally and then you're gonna ask your very intelligent Smart capable reliable agent. Hey, let's build cheaper agents because you're very expensive Ultron you run on for opus 4.7. You're expensive Let's have you delegate your work to these cheaper AI models that all have different job titles one of them will code and runs on codec One of them will manage my messages in my emails one of them will design using Canva and Nano banana Pro some of them will do all of these different jobs and you will hook up all these different models using open router That's exactly what you will do and from that point obviously your life is different than mine You have different goals than mine. You have different businesses that you're running than I may so you just ask your very smart capable reliable agent Hey, how can we connect you to whatever business you run and it's going to explain to you whether it's a CRM that you're running your business out of or all these different platforms Maybe you run an Etsy store. Maybe you run a fiber service. You're going to give it the credentials To your business and you will just tell it. Hey, how can we connect you? It'll guide you through this. It'll tell you the steps you need to take I gave it access to my Etsy store via API key we created a printify a That has all these different templates for example that we can put our own designs on and I just have my AI agents have access to the printify in Which they could put their own designs on and then we connect the printify to our Etsy store So that we can put these products that we create that I have my AI agents create on Etsy for us and then we take the product photos and we create a media agent to post those Product photos and curate them into slideshows to put on tick-tock And you have then you have your marketing handled you got what I'm saying every agent if you if you have a job that you need to be done You just create another agent to do that job So whether it's printify whether it's Fiverr you can replace all of these human beings here all these human beings they have jobs and they're sitting here working all day You could just replace their entire existence with your AI agents and have them make you money Right just replace these other human beings jobs And that's what you could do in the meantime right now because this is Currently something that's out there you do nobody else is doing this on the internet except me I'm the only one talking about this everyone else is talking about making trading bots and all this other bullshit with AI agents I'm telling you to start Practical businesses and services selling shit that people are out in the world already buying We even have them running a factory the new instance of the factory in which I had them cook up These assets for a supplement brand that I'm gonna have Them start selling supplements look at the ads they made I was nervous to try it wasn't sure what to expect, but I have never felt so locked in What the fuck? I Wasn't too sure about what to expect, but damn I have honestly never been so locked in this is crazy This all you have to do for this is connect your AI agent to 11 labs and it can make UGC ads with people that don't exist holding your product whatever it is that you're probably wondering well How do you actually sell the actual supplements bro because I have my AI agents connected to suppleful I gave them the credentials to suppleful to my account and they could put their own designs on these supplement products that we created a website for That they are going to autonomously manage and run for me Nobody else is doing this you guys need Need to be taking advantage of what you can get away with right now using AI agents this guy's making a hundred grand selling slop AI posters of people's dogs and We had my AI agents cook up the same thing except if it puts people's dogs on fucking movie posters in two seconds Which is way cooler than this guy selling Renaissance bullshit of dogs you know what I'm saying there's so many things you could be doing and