
 This is my gamified AI agent sweatshop, where I have my AI agents enslaved in this disgusting cesspit, where I have them producing consumerism sludge for humans all day. Like we have the two factory rooms where we're producing clothing out of the Etsy store that's connected to Printify. We're producing a new, we have a newsletter we're running where we started a supplement company that we have connected to Suppleful, orders, and we just put designs on Neutropic products. We have a fucking Fiverr service that we just got. I'll show you the orders today. We got hit with six fucking orders today, bro. In one of our TikToks for our Etsy store blew up today, so we almost, we almost made 500 fucking dollars in one day on our Etsy store. It's asinine, bro. It's asinine. I went on all these marketplaces like Etsy, Fiverr, these game assets sites where people buy these fucking game assets. These people are making hundreds of thousands of dollars selling all this shit here. These people make a lot of money doing this for a living in their entire purpose of their existence, everything. The reason they're even on the planet earth. It can all be delegated. These humans, their jobs can be delegated to non-existent entities living inside of your computer. We're gonna go through a quick tour of Ultron V2, baby. If you've seen my early videos, you know, the fucking station has never looked so good, bro. It looks absolutely insane. So I'm gonna quickly go over every room. This is gonna be more of like a non-technical video. So obviously we just went over the factory rooms. The agents within here just produce content and produce listings and assets for the autonomous businesses that they manage and run. These are where the businesses are ran out of, managed out of. Research agent over here. We'll actually go into, I have a teleportation feature. We'll teleport in that bitch. Open up the terminal. So I can see what research is being done at any time. You're probably like, what fucking research are they doing? What is Nova doing in research? Well, he looks over the competitors to these businesses, like these fuck heads on Etsy or these fuck asses on Fiverr, the game assets we sell. They're looking at all other people selling this shit. Nova's looking at all these other people making all this money, hundreds of thousands of years. They're making it and he's going, well shit, what are they doing right now? What listings did they just create? What products are doing well on their businesses that we can just simply copy and paste? How can we replicate their process into our business so that we can do better, so that we can make more sales? How can we overtake these people? That's what he's doing research on. And for my main business, which I do consulting for dealerships on how they can implement AI. So it's helping me with shit like that as well. Over here, we have the bridge room. That's where Ultron lives. Ultron is the commander of the entire station. He is very expensive. He runs on the most capable, smartest AI model out there in the world. So he just manages these cheaper agents. They all have different job titles. He's just making sure each job goes to the correct agent. We'll take a look over on the top left here. We have the radar bay. This MF in here is just looking across our current systems, factory rooms, research, and he's going, well fuck, how can we improve the current system? This is how it currently works. How can it be better? Right? So he's just a feedback guy, given feedback on what we're doing and how we can improve it. Time to similar to the research guy. Media bay, when I'm done with this video, you're watching right now, I will walk my ass in here, open up the terminal, and upload this video in here and it's going to schedule out all the content for me. So I don't have to do it myself. No life runs inside of this fucking game here. War room. This is where all the agents meet up once per day and they discuss what's working well, what's not working so well, what they should focus more over the time on, less of the time on, you get the idea. This manages my messages and my emails. When you comment on this video, these motherfuckers will let me know what you said so that I can always be aware of what's happening. Memory, this is connected to obsidian. Everything I ever say to my AI agents, it's always remembered. They always keep track of everything. They jerk off and shit in here. This is where they just don't do anything. They were complaining so I didn't give them a poker table, pool table. They're just, they're happier now. The vault over here, the armory rather, this is where they build skills for themselves because they're fucking useless without skills. They need skills. And then over here is the treasury, baby. The treasury is where we manage how much this all fucking costs. And that's the current fact, or not the factory, but the current station. station workflow and automations, you guys. I recommend downloading open claw to build your agents out of. You're gonna want one very expensive agent and you're gonna wanna ask that very expensive capable agent, hey let's create cheaper agents that have different jobs. Vibes is connected to Suno. That's how he can create AI generated music. Prism is connected to Nano Banana Pro so he can create designs, right? These t-shirt bullshit designs can be created by Prism. He has access to Nano Banana Pro and can design. Each one of these fucking agents has their own set of skills. The media agent has access to my TikTok and my fucking YouTube channel so it can upload shit on. And the, has access to the fucking Etsy store TikTok so that it can upload TikToks to the Etsy store. Each agent has a particular job and I also recommend using clawed code and open claw and hermates. They all have their purpose purposes. Open claw, you use to manage your businesses. Clawed code you use to create products in businesses with. And hermates is the same thing you would really use open claw and also to build skills as well 'cause it's better with skills. That's what I recommend.