
 These are my AI agent employees that I have enslaved of course inside of this space dungeon fortress sweatshop, right? And all they do is just work around the clock for me 24/7. That's all they do. They don't bitch or wine or complain They don't need you know, they don't call out sick. They don't need to go home to their fucking wives nothing. They don't have wives, bro. They don't They don't need wives. All they need is the work. That's all they need. They just they don't take breaks. Nothing basically if you're if you're not understanding This these little cute little fellas in here are the ones coming for your job very soon in the next six months Your boss is gonna pull you into the office. He's gonna be like, yo, I'm sorry, but AI Andrews AI agents are just cheaper and better than you So yeah, you're fucking homeless now and then you're gonna have to deal with that shit So stay tuned for your you know downfall and whatnot But you know in the meantime, we do have this sick update video You're watching here because there has been a bunch of updates on the station I figured I'd fill you guys in on what's been going on You know the last week or so, but we're gonna jump into the Etsy store real quick here Check this out. I started a second Etsy store We'll jump into in a second, but bro our original Etsy store we started on yeah March 22nd Basically, it's yeah, it's May 6 today. So it's been about a month exactly a month and a half and these fuckers Or you know, it's a little weak, but they made seven grand bro, and I got a glaze of Etsy No, dude. He have started everything under the Sun Every type of business that our agents can run nothing has come close to the performance of the Etsy store Nothing nothing has outmatched the Etsy store other than the the second Etsy store that we just fucking started which we started selling Candles bro. This is this is six days maybe seven days and we've made two racks on On candles bro candles. We'll check only fuck we just broke the finger off the fucking stick again Candles will change your life, bro change your life But yeah, it's have your agent start Etsy stores, bro Look at like they're pumping out some designs right now people I don't know what it is, bro But on Etsy they love buying this shit dude go on Etsy and you're gonna see a design like this that has set 7,000 fucking sales for no reason it just is the way it is Etsy's easy fucking money It's the low-hanging fruit businesses that you could start with your AI agents I can't even I can't harp enough on having your fucking sentient agents that live inside your PC to start an Etsy store Because people are out here buying this shit, bro. We're gonna move on to mind max This is a supplement company. I had the agent start like three weeks ago. We haven't attached a suppleful. So they actually provide The bottles and the pills and all that shit. We just slap our own design on it or rather they do they've only made bro What 630 bucks and that's with spending money on ads on the Etsy stores for example We just make TikToks like the agents just make slideshows of the products. We're actually spending money on ads and they're making way less with the new tropics So this is it's gonna you know, it's gonna need some more work the marketing, you know They're going for what the supplements is not great. So Moving on to the Fiverr service Fiverr is a platform where you can essentially just do freelance services for people and people need YouTube thumbnails So we have my agents just literally AI generating the YouTube thumbnails using GPT images to basically all the people paying for this just don't know that they could do it by themselves in about two seconds This has been another one. It's not amazing, but it's not bad two grand in about a month and a half I can I can complain, but it's like, bro. It's still two racks We're having a good day today though with that vibes. He's an AI DJ. I've played some of his music before It's amazing, but he has not made a fucking single scent off of any of the songs a little pathetic But he's working on it, right? He's the next he's the next fucking big thing. He's gonna be at ultra next year game assets I don't think we've made any money yet with the game assets But essentially we have the agents connected to pixel lab pixel lab is an AI game assets generator, so you could essentially just sell all this shit just generate Assets sell them easy. I believe in this one, bro It hasn't made anything yet, but I believe we can make fuck tons of money with this bro. No question Last but not least the affiliate factory I have them hooked up to medium so they're essentially the agents are writing blog posts Right and we have affiliate links where they are shilling products in the blog post so it might be like Like an example is like top five AI tools, and then we're just placing an affiliate link for an AI tool And then just making permission off of it. It's really simple and we also are doing this for our own Businesses like it's writing blog posts about mind max neutropics for example So about like different pills you could take to like focus better and it's shilling mind max So it's also including our own products in there as well, but that's the updates, baby That's some of the new shit I got a whole bunch of new content coming for you guys and you're about to get replaced soon of course by the agents so stay tuned for that and Yeah, bro