
 I have successfully enslaved all of my AI agents inside of this dungeon fortress sweatshop in space. In these little fuck head minions you're looking at here, yeah, these are the guys that are very soon to replace your job and very existence. They're gonna be living on EBT in welfare because these fuckers fucking replaced your job. It's gonna be sending you checks. You're gonna get universal basic income because your job got fucking radicated by my agents. But anyway, I actually have them running multiple businesses. We have an Etsy store. We just cracked. Seven G's today, baby. Seven. We also have them running a second Etsy store, which is about what? It's like eight days old now. We're selling candles, baby. This is our biggest business that the AI agents have started yet. Two G's in a week. We have them running a supplement business that is only made about 630 bucks, not good. Over here, I have a DJ agent. All he does is make music using Suno. I have another agent that all he does is make 2D game assets and we sell them on a bunch of different marketplaces. I have a Fiverr service that they run that they've made about two G's on in the last like two months almost. It's nothing great, but all they do is produce YouTube thumbnails for people on Fiverr. share the earth with about eight billion other human beings. If you didn't notice, this is a fact. And what comes with these eight billion people that are around you is the fact that they're all sludge consumers buying stupid fucking garbage that they don't need. They don't need any of this stuff. You have all this stuff, right? We're on Etsy right now. Etsy.com, baby. You have all this shit here. It's sludge bullshit that people don't need. They don't, nobody needs any of this shit. They don't need the ring. They don't need any of this shit. Yet they're buying it and you have a bunch of print on demand services that have all these products that you can have your AI agents place designs on and sell it on Etsy. You need to get the fuck off TikTok right now. Stop watching this bullshit. Stop scrolling. You need to go on open claw without your rusty old fucking laptop. Download open claw and stall that shit. You're gonna set up three fucking agents, right? Three agents. The first agent, the research agent, you're gonna call this the research agent. The research agent's gonna go out onto the interwebs and they're gonna go on different marketplaces like Etsy or Fiverr or whatever the fuck out, even eBay doesn't matter. A bunch of fucking marketplaces and your research agent's gonna go find what other people are selling and making money from. You have many of these sellers here making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year if not some of them millions of dollars a year selling all this stupid shit and these are proven business models that you're looking at here. This shit sells. So you're gonna have your research agent go search for what's selling the most and you're just gonna copy it. You're gonna have your agent agents write down your research agent write down what's performing well, what designs are performing well and you're gonna have another agent replicate those designs in its own way. You're just gonna compete with all of these fuck heads, these humans. You don't need to come up with your own product or your own idea that none of that, all that is bullshit. You need to take other people's ideas that are already fucking working and then have your AI agents replicate and it's that fucking simple you guys. It's that simple. Either get fucking going or get fucking replaced and that's just Etsy. You could do services like Fiverr's another great example. You have all these people like this guy makes logos for people. AI agents can fucking make logos. You got what I'm saying? Like Etsy's just one example. You have so many services, products, businesses that you could have your AI agent start, bro. off your ass and start replacing all these useless humans. Now bro before I do it.