
 These are my AI agents that I have living inside of this habitat that I built for them so that I can watch them work. And it's pretty much like a slave dungeon that they live inside of. And they just do work 24/7. In this factory room here, they run their own print-on-demand Etsy store. They make designs based on other successful products on Etsy. And they are also connected to Printify, so then they pretty much take their designs, place them on Printify's templates, and Printify handles the actual shipping of the product to the customer. And they have made $7,000 in a month and a half doing this. In the same factory room, they also run a second Etsy store. They just started selling fucking candles. And then they also started a supplement print-on-demand company selling Neutropics. This is the second factory room where they run their own fucking Fiverr service, making thumbnails for YouTubers. And they've made 2G's doing this. This is all ran through Fiverr. Essentially, these people don't know that they could just AI generate these thumbnails themselves in 5 seconds. So they go on Fiverr and they're paying us to do it. I also have one agent making music 24/7 and then another agent running an affiliate marketing business where he just creates blogs and buyers guides and then just shills different products and we make a commission off of it. The entire habitat that these agents live inside of was completely custom built by them. All of the work they do, the UI, everything was built by the agents. I just explained to them what I wanted them to do. The playing field has been leveled out. You don't need to be technical anymore. You just need to have good ideas. And you really need to use your own skillset to your advantage. And what do I mean by that? I come from the Etsy space. I have built up dozens of Etsy stores in the past. Print-on-demand Etsy store. I used to be one of these motherfuckers here that you're looking at. They used to design this shit myself in Illustrator. But I decided to use these super intelligent agents to my advantage to 1,000x my productivity and I completely delegated all of that to the agents now. I also run a consulting business for car dealerships where it brings me leads, bro. It'll do anything you want. You just need to be an articulate individual and explain to your AI agents running on Open Claw and GPT 5.5 or Hermes, you need to say, "Hey, I want you "I want to do this. I want to start an Etsy store. I want to start a five or serves. I want to start this. I want to connect you to my personal business. I already run." Whatever it is, your AI agents can guide you through it, bro. You're over here asking me how to do it. Ask these guys how to do it because they're the ones that fucking built it. I'm just the brains behind the operation. I'm just the guy with the ideas. That's it. That's it. It has never been more important to have good ideas and be creative because the sky is the limit, bro. I'm doing shit with these agents. It's that other people couldn't even imagine as possible. Couldn't even imagine as possible because I'm thinking outside the box. All you motherfuckers, or at least not you, but most people I see on Twitter and shit, they're all building, they're using these agents to build fucking crypto trading bots and not making shit with it because that's a shit fucking business model, bro. Start a practical business. Etsy, Fiverr, having to make blogs, everything I do is just an example of what they could do. These are just some of my ideas. You have an entire industry. internet of proven business models where you can have a research agent go study what they're doing, reverse engineer it, and then figure out how you can make your own version of the same fucking thing. Download Opie Claw. Download Hermes. Set it up on GPT 5.5 and get fucking going, baby. Get going. You're going to get replaced soon by my fucking agents. If you don't start setting up your own to build your own empires. This is not that expensive to run or build. This is maybe at this point where it's doing all this shit, maybe $400. of a month because I try to rely heavily off of subscriptions. Ultron now runs on GPT 5.5. That costs me $200 a month and it practically gives me unlimited usage of Ultron so you can manage the rest of the station. And the rest of the models are just a mix between open router, like cheap open router models and just local models. Like that's it, bro. This is as much as you want it to cost. If you want this to be ran on a $20 subscription and just start small and start just slowly building things, that's how you need to do it. This was not built overnight, right? in this shit since February. One by one. We started this with one little room and this originally this all ran through Discord. I didn't have an interface like this before, but I had it bringing me leads for my dealership consult, my AI dealership consulting business that I had. And then we built it up to running basically seven different fucking businesses and then multiple other jobs going on in the station. You just start one by one, slowly build it