
 This is my AI agent sweatshop. Each little bro that you see squirming around is an AI agent slave, and they're all trapped inside of this space dungeon, and they just do work for me 24/7. In this factory room that you're looking at, I had them start their own Etsy store. We started this Etsy store March 22nd, and they have almost made $8,000. So pretty much they use GPT images too. to make designs, and they're connected to Printify, which is a print-on-demand service. They can actually place the designs that they make on Printify's product templates. And then when the customer buys from our store, Printify actually ships out the product with the agent-generated designs on them. So this first Etsy store here, which has been a success somewhat. 78 grand genius agents, I don't know, they could do a little bit better than that. But for two months, this is not bad. This is like the generic Etsy bullshit that people love to buy. They just love this aesthetic here. So I just have them pumping out fucking designs all day. And yeah, they've made 70, almost eight G's doing this. And then since the first one did so well, almost two weeks ago, I was like, fuck it, let's start another one. So I had the agent start up another one selling candles, bro. We just sell candles. Candles will change your fucking life. I have them selling print-on-demand candy. candles. We've generated 2,500, bro. Unfucking candles. In this video, we're going to be mainly talking about the Etsy factory that I just shared with you. But honorable mention is the second factory room where we have them running a fiber service. They're selling game assets. They're making music. They run an affiliate marketing business all out of this room here in case you want to check out the other videos related to this. But anyways, going back into factory one here. identified the most brilliant opportunity in human history. But instead of capitalizing on it myself, I figured since I'm such a generous human being, I would share it with all of you in case any of you out there want to try this idea. When I'm a fucking my talk about Andrew, what are you talking about? Personalized products on Etsy. What do you mean Andrew? Personalized products. Look at this. Look at all this. dog slop. Look at this. We have dog slop. We have cartoon slop of couples. Someone uploads their fucking photo of themselves. And this fuckhead will turn into a Simpsons bullshit. Or this chick will sell you a fucking dumb portrait of your dog for 600. She has 11, 10,000 sales. What else am I talking about? Look at this. Superhero sludge slop. The fuck? Who the fuck is that? Anyways, cartoon portraits. All this shit. There is people making. I'm not kidding, bro. Look at this. She has how many sales 11,000 she sell in portraits for $600. You know how much money she's making? Millions. Hundreds of thousands of dollars, bro. You have to understand old people. You're probably thinking, well, who the fuck? Who the fuck is this shit? Dude. Old people don't even know how to AI generate anything. Any fucking photo on the planet. They couldn't AI generate themselves. So they go on Etsy, which is most people are old on this fucking site. They're going on Etsy and they're like, look at this shit. Like, wow, this is fucking unbelievable. I'm about to buy a little animal, buy a little dog on this. Dude, they're amazed by this. Or they want to give their son some old lady wants to give her son a fucking portrait of him and his girlfriend. She's going to look at this be amazed to be like, oh my God, my son loves the Simpsons. He wouldn't freak out if he saw himself with his girlfriend and his portrait. Bro, they don't know. They don't know that they could AI generate this shit on their own in five seconds, right? So that's why you're going to AI generate it or your hat or agents AI generate the fucking photos for you. And you're just going to make trillions of dollars not doing a fucking single thing, not nothing. Open up in Etsy store. Go on Etsy, go on fucking Etsy, sign in, make an account, start up a store. It'll cost you like $30. From there, you're going to sign up for a Printify account. Once you sign up for a Printify account, you're going to go into the settings and you're going to get the API key and you're going to give it to your agents. It's just a code you give to your agents. And from there, your agents can now put shit on templates provided by Printify. If your agent, whether it's on open claw Hermes, is on GPT. It can make designs using GPT images too. So you're all set there. It can make pretty much, if you're on GPT 5.5, it can make designs out of the box and place them on the Printify fucking product templates. Start having your agents produce fucking mock up designs for the posters that you're going to put on fucking Etsy and then bang. The customer is going to fucking order from your store and you're going to set up a workflow where that acts as a trigger for your AI agents to make the customized photo. The customer is going to say, hey, I want a superhero portrait of my family, right? Your AI agent is going to read that as a prompt and take the photo they uploaded it and turn it into a sludge superhero slop like this, except this person actually painted this bullshit. And then you're going to set up a marketing agent that's going to take the fucking photos, the mock ups that you make, and it's going to automatically put it on TikTok as a slideshow. It's going to curate the product photos into slideshows, put them on TikTok, bang. Now someone scrolling through TikTok that's looking for a fucking superhero sludge poster, can see it and buy it.