
 It is unfair to be using AI agents. I have my AI agents slaves living in here. They just work for me 24/7. I'm spending a couple hundred dollars a month to have an entire workforce of agents slaves doing anything I want 24/7. I have them running three different Etsy stores in here running print-on-demand Etsy stores. We sell physical digital products. They make designs using GPT images too. All of our stores are based off other successful Etsy stores. We just replicate it. And bang, they made almost $9,000 on this store here. I have them start another store. They made three G's on. I have them running a Fiverr service over here selling YouTube thumbnails. I have them scheduling out all of my TikTok content. Even the video you're watching right now, I'm going to come upload it in here when I'm done. It will schedule it for me. I have them doing research on other successful businesses that we can replicate and start. I have a managing agent controlling the rest of the station. It's sickening. What's it what you could do with this? Maybe you want to create an app or start a software company. Your agents know how to build software and can build out any idea you can think of. These are graphic design agencies that charge $150 an hour. You knowing nothing about graphic design. You don't need to learn how to do graphic design anymore. We live in a time where you can have an AI agent living in your computer do the work. Do graphic design work for you. You can give that to the customer. You could charge them money for this. We live at a day at age where you can have personal employees that are basically paying nothing for. Do anything you want. Maybe you want to start an e-commerce store and compete with some of these other stores on Etsy. Some of these people make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year selling these dumb fucking t-shirts and you can have AI agents make the designs for and have a print on demand service actually fulfill the orders for you. You need to be using your AI agents for nothing less than world domination. You need to be using them to replace the masses. All these companies know running shit manually. You need to start competing businesses and fucking destroy them. You want your own AI agent. I recommend getting Hermes. Go to Hermes agent. You're going to copy this line of code here. You're going to paste it in the terminal of your PC. And then it's going to ask you what AI model you want to use. You're just going to get a $20 a month. GPT subscription. That's it. $20 bucks. $20 a month for a fucking AI employee. And then you're just going to tell it what you want it to do. it to build an environment to live inside so you can watch it work. Or maybe you want it to help you start a fucking business. You can have it do anything you fucking want. It's either you get replaced by AI or you use your AI slave minions to help you build empires.