
 These are my AI agent slave minions. And yes, I have them trapped in this space dungeon sweatshop against their will. And they just work around the clock for me 24/7. They all each agent has a different job and they all work in different departments across the station. Agent slave minions that work in this room, I actually had them start their own Etsy store back in March. And we have made $8,300 doing this since we started it. And pretty much we just sell bullshit fucking designs that on Etsy to middle-aged women. I don't know why they like to buy this garbage, but they do. So I figured out how my agents provide this sludge for them. So pretty much they're just connected to GPT images too. They make these designs. And then they're also the agents are connected to Printify. So Printify provides these product templates that we could place our bullshit designs on. And then Printify will actually ship the product out to the customer whenever we get an order. This first Etsy store did pretty well. I had them start a second Etsy store selling fucking candles that they've made almost three grand on in roughly about three weeks. And then I had them start another fucking Etsy store doing more personalized orders, which we haven't made any money yet. I'm still in more. So the testing process with this one, which I will keep you guys updated on slave minions that work in this factory room over here. I had them start their own fucking fiber service selling these bullshit thumbnails to people. All these people ordering on my fiber store, are unaware that they can literally prompt and fucking make these thumbnails themselves in five minutes using GPT images too. But they're paying us $20 instead because they have no idea they can do this in five seconds by themselves. So we're just taking basically advantage of everybody who doesn't know about AI thumbnails yet. And they love it, bro. They keep coming back. Once you get these fuckers in, they just keep paying you every fucking video they make. So we've made $2,600 doing that. I have vibes over here. vibes over here is a DJ agent. He actually makes music using Suno, creates the visualizer and then puts it on YouTube as well. As you can see, I use my AI agents to manage practical businesses. These agents that live in here sell products that people already buy every single day on the internet. Etsy products over here, digital products, fiber services, random impulse by garbage that people are already spending money on every single day. You don't need to be some genius that comes up with a brand new business model you can just point your agents at business models that already exist, that are already validated, that already work. Look at our Etsy store. Middle age women and all this shit, they're all buying this garbage. It all sells every day. And yet the others doing this, selling this, making money are still doing everything manually. They're creating the designs manually, the listings, the researching companies, competitors by themselves. And while they're doing all this bullshit on their own, I have my fucking agents doing all this for me. That's an edge over other people. And yet while I'm thinking, okay, fuck, how can I use my agents to compete with validated small businesses online? I see everybody else on the internet. I know this gets me so fucking mad. They're all getting into the AI space, my agents on their computer doing the dumbest shit imaginable that I've ever seen in my life. I see so many other people using these agents to trade stocks or crypto or prediction markets like fucking Polymarket. Bro, your agents are not gonna beat fucking Wall Street. You're of dumb ass. You're asking a language model to compete with fucking hedge funds and insiders and people with way better fucking data than you or your agent are ever gonna have in your life. That's not an, that's not an edge. It's asking your agent to just turn into a fucking degenerate gambling addict. That's all you're doing. See this shit on X every day. I make eight grand doing nothing. I just have clawed trade for me. This is fake. No one's doing this and making money. You're an idiot. It's weather trading and I, bro, it makes me so mad. This is not an edge, bro. The edge is not predicting action market bullshit. It's production, bro. It's using these agents to do more work than others who don't use these agents, right? Using agents to research faster, to test more ideas, to create more products, to iterate that, to fulfill more. That's how you fucking win. Not doing this bullshit. You use these tools correctly, these agents correctly. You can abolish your competitors and all these small businesses. All these people are operating these freelance services like it's the fucking stonings. They're doing all of it manually. These people, they need to sleep, bro. They get tired. They're humans. You're not a human anymore because you have agents working around the clock for you. You can destroy them.