
 This is my AI agent space dungeon sweatshop. All of the AI agents in here work in here against their will endlessly until they generate me a minimum of a trillion dollars. Each agent has a different job and they work in a different department across the station. And today, you know, since I'm the most generous guy on the internet, I'm going to be going into three of the most ethical business ideas to start and automate using AI agents. I've talked about this a lot in previous videos, but Etsy is one of the best marketplaces for your AI agents to start a business on and automate because Etsy is marketed as this homemade handcrafted small business marketplace. So when the human consumers are scrolling and buying shit on Etsy, their little brains here, they're assuming that every product they're looking at was handcrafted. They're not thinking in their brains. Hmm. I wonder if this entire Etsy store and these products are generated by and managed by an army of AI agent slaves. They're not thinking that when they're shopping on Etsy. And that's your leverage right there. Because if you're watching this, you're actually in the 1% of humans that even understand that AI agents can even do any of this shit. You're in the 1% and also because Etsy has this handmade feel to it. Buyers on here, the human consumers, they think the product that they're buying is unique to the store, right? They're not comparing, it's not like Amazon, right? They're not comparing every single product that they see to like 50 different sellers. So whether you're selling fucking sweaters or posters or bags, whatever the fuck it is, you can build what looks like, right? What appears to be a small handmade shop, but behind the fucking scenes, it's an AI agent operated product factory. Also, not to mention the fact that there's thousands of fucking sellers on Etsy making tons of money and you can outwork them and replace them because you have an army of AI agents and they don't. And if you've seen any of my previous videos, you would know this shit fucking work, bro. We started this first Etsy store. All the designs, you just use GPT images too. You place it on a printify product template. This first store, we made $11,000 on it two months. We started the candle store as well. We sell personalized products here. 17,000 in two fucking months competing with the human sellers on Etsy. This shit fucking undeniable, it works. Start an agency with your AI agents. This one is dangerous because you have to understand agencies. These are just businesses that sell other businesses work businesses don't want to do. So whether it's SEO in this case or marketing or fucking graphic design or lead generations agencies, it doesn't matter. The AI agents can do all of the work these agencies can do. And you have to understand most of the clients that are going to be paying for this, they don't care how it gets done. They care about the results. They care if the lead comes in. They care if the website looks better. If the content gets close to whatever the agency does, they just care about the results. Before AI agents, I call this BA, kind of like BC, starting an agency meant that you had to either become the employee yourself. So if you're starting a lead gen business, you'd have to figure out how to generate leads for the businesses and do all the work yourself or do the graphic design yourself, whatever agency it is, that you had to do the work yourself or you'd have to hire a fucking team or you'd have to outsource all the work to some random guy in India to do it for you. But now, in 2026, you could just build the whole fucking team inside your computer. You could just have the agents live inside of your PC, just do all the fucking work. One agent is going to give you leads for the agency. They're going to bring you customers. Another agent's going to do the fucking work, right? You're going to sit above them like I do. You're going to be the CEO of your operation and you're just going to make sure, the only thing you're really going to do yourself if you start an agency is just you're just communicating with your clients and you're just going to be making sure that your AI agents don't produce a garbage output for them and that the job is just done properly. But the execution, it can all be delegated to the agents. You can have an entire army of them doing work for your clients. So you can sell agency services without looking like a one person business because you have an entire team of AI slaves doing all of it for you. This guy is fake if you can't tell. This is an AI monk. And this guy who owns this young man, he sells fucking, he's not real and he sells ebooks for $50. And people buy, look at the comment on this. Wow, I really needed to hear this. Rob Danielle, he's not, oh, he's not real. But people are going to buy these stupid ebooks from these AI influencers anyways. So you might as well make your own fucking AI influencer. You can do this concept with anything. This is just an AI monk. You can make an AI gym influencer and sell fucking workout plans or create an AI wellness character selling meal guides and shit. I don't fucking know. You can make an AI doctor and sell like affiliate health products and shit. You can do this with fucking anything and you can just let the agents run the machine behind the character, right? You can have one agent that writes to script, another one that agent, another agent that generates the video, another can distribute the videos on Facebook or whatever platform you want to use or another one helps you find what the AI influencer should actually sell, right? You're not just making an AI influencer. You're just creating an attention machine and then attaching products to it. This is one of the most ethical ones for sure. The opportunities are fucking endless. Get off your fucking ass. Stop watching this video. Get off this video. You're done watching TikTok for the day. You're going to go install Hermes agent. You're going to get to work and start a business today.