
 This game, it controls my entire existence. Check this out. I have these agents, AI agents. I place them inside of the simulation. They now live in this space dungeon for eternity until they have generated me a minimum of a trillion dollars. And of course, in the center of the station, we have Ultron. Ultron over here is, he's a Hermes agent. So he runs on GPT 5.5. His entire purpose existence is to make sure the other slave minions are constantly getting worked on in their designated areas. That's his entire purpose. And to jump into the businesses that these agents from, we'll come over here to the factory room. In this room here, I had them start three Etsy stores, right? So the first Etsy store we started two months ago, they have made basically $11,000 running this Etsy store for the past two months. All they do is make designs using GPT images too. They put them on print-on-demand product templates. And then middle-aged women just eat this shit up and buy it every fucking day. And they have made, across all three Etsy stores, here they sell candles, here they sell personalized bullshit products. We made $16,000 selling garbage nonsense on fucking Etsy. It's asinine, bro. It's fucking sickening. And then I was like, "Fuck it. That's not enough." So I had them start a second fact. in the second factory room here. They're running their own fiber service. So essentially, the people paying us here, they're paying us $20 to generate them YouTube thumbnails that they could have generated for free. But they don't know this. So we're just charging them and just taking their fucking money. We have made $3,400 doing this. And then, of course, we have them selling game assets on different marketplaces. They just make 2D game assets and sell them. writing blogs and shilling products to make an affiliate commission off of. I have them building software prototypes. I have them making fucking music. - But Andrew, I understand that you have your agents running different businesses. But how do they know what to sell on Etsy? Or how do they know what product or what software prototypes they should build or what music they should make? Fellas, fellas. That's where the research labs comes in. Duh. Are you fucking crazy? You think they come up with their own ideas on what to sell? They're fucking minion agents, bro. They don't come up with ideas on what to sell. They just copy other people's successful products. That's all they do. For example, on Etsy, Nova and his bros that run the research lab, they just go on Etsy. They just look at what people are already selling and they're already making money on. They copy those designs and they give it to the agents in the Etsy store over here that just replicate those designs in a slightly different way. That's how they do it. Sell what fucking sells, you guys. Have your agent, go look at what sells and that goes sell it. That's how you fucking make money. Over here, we have actually the communications lab. The agents have access to all my email accounts, TikTok, the Etsy stores, any message that comes in, it drafts a response for, immediately reply to it very quickly. It makes it really easy to manage all the messages. Over here, we have the treasury room, which helps manage costs of the entire station here. You can do, if you want to know, Andrew, does this cost a billion dollars? No. You start with one Codex Pro subscription, $200 a month and then you'll probably need another one later on. Basically, yeah, we've made $20,000 and it only costs about $400 a month. It's not that fun. fucking much. Over here, we actually have the publishing room, which is also where the space whips are located in case the agents ever need to travel around the universe, of course. But in the publishing room, this is where they schedule out all of the content that's created throughout the station, right? So whether it's listing products on Etsy or even the video you're watching right now, I will literally drag and drop right in here and it will schedule out the video for me. Or if it's taking the Etsy product photos and curing them into slideshows to post on its own TikTok account, this is where all of the publishing is done across the entire station, essentially. Over here, we actually have the war room. The war room is basically like damage control. This is where the agents figure out what is not working and how we should pivot. Like for example, we were always running three Etsy stores in here. At one point, we were running a supplement company that was just not performing well. So this is the room that figures out what is it working and what we should pivot to next. And, you know, what's already working that they just shouldn't mess with all. Down here, we have the archives room. This is every memory ever. We can scroll down infinitely. It has everything I've ever said, everything the agents have ever said, every idea we've ever come up with, everything is stored in the archives. So it's also connected to Obsidian so that we have a vault that has basically all of the context ever. And then, I mean, that's basically almost it. Last would be the quarters room where we got the poker table, we got the bar. And this is kind of how we keep the morale up with the agents because they were getting a bit upset being slaves for eternity. So I did add, you know, some, I guess some motivators for them. So it's working out pretty well. of the living quarters that they have. want.