
 There has never been a more exciting time in human history to be an entrepreneur than right now. Because for a couple hundred bucks a month, you can summon an entire army of AI agent slaves and place them in a space dungeon simulation and have them basically manage your entire life and automate everything you do. Look at this. Look at their morale. They're 88, 88 percent. They're happy in here. Endless forever. They're cool with it. I'm such a generous guy. I will tell you how you can escape being in poverty for the rest of your life once the agents come for you and replace you. You need to start replacing other people first. You need to have the agents build you fucking empires. What do I mean by that? I have my agents. For example, they run Etsy stores. They are replacing slowly every single Etsy seller on the entire fucking marketplace. We basically, I have the agents in the research room. Copy other, they just do research on other successful Etsy stores. And we just take their designs, make new versions of those designs. These are all these designs are based off of other successful products. And we just put it on a product photo like a print on demand, print to fight template. And we fucking sell it. In one store, this one store alone, we have made 11,000 dollars in the last two months. Collectively across all three Etsy stores, we have one selling this shit. We have one selling candles. We have made 16,000 fucking dollars. What's funny to me is, this is like unfathomable to most people that the agents can make 16,000 dollars. But it's like, it makes sense that a human can do it. This is what a human design looks like. This is garbage. These Etsy sellers, bro, they deserve everything that's coming to them. All of the racks. That my agents are gonna bring to them because, bro, this is human-made designs and it's garbage. What the fuck is this? This is the low-hanging fruit right here, you guys. All of this shit here, people buy this sludge on a daily basis. They just impulsively buy dumb shit like this. And Etsy's just one example. You have so many businesses that you can start that are so simple, low-hanging fruit ideas that you can have your agents completely automate for you and make you money autonomously while you fucking jerk off. Andrew, how do I set up my own AI agents and put them in a sludge? From there, it's gonna ask you what model you wanna use. From there, it's gonna ask you how you wanna talk to your agent. You're gonna select Telegram. Set up a Telegram account. Go to Etsy, create a seller account for Etsy. From there, you're gonna go to Printify, sign up for Printify, connect your Etsy store to your Printify, and then go into your settings and collect the API key, the Printify API key. From there, you're gonna give the Printify API key to your AI agents. And you're going to tell them, hey, we are about to replace every single Etsy seller on the entire marketplace. Let's have one of you go on Etsy and go find what's already selected. And then you're gonna have a second agent replicate the designs, right? He's gonna make the designs using GPT images too. You're gonna have another separate agent take the designs and go publish it on Etsy for you and then take those product photos and then also curate slide shows for TikTok to handle the marketing. The internet is already full of proven business models, right? People are out here on the internet making tons of money and they are not utilizing AI agents themselves. You can compete with these other people running businesses and out work them because you have an AI army.