
 If you're looking into setting up AI agents for yourself to automate your entire life and all your businesses and maybe you want to place your AI minions inside of a space dungeon so that you can watch them work, I would be very careful on what content you consume and what creators you listen to if you're new to the space because YouTube and TikTok are complete cesspits right now. And as a beginner, it's going to be very difficult to tell if a creator is giving you genuine advice on what tools you should be using or just shilling you some bullshit AI product that they're sponsored by right? Many people are going to tell you that it's dangerous to host Hermes agent directly on your PC right? They're going to tell you that you know they're going to sell you on the idea basically of purchasing a subscription for a virtual private server to host it on which is complete bullshit. The creators that are shilling you on buying these virtual private server subscriptions, they don't even fucking use them themselves bro. Wish it would end there but it doesn't because many other creators will sell you on using some shitty AI model that they're also sponsored by and even when it comes to the computer or the hardware that you need to get this started, they're going to chill you on some fucking expensive-ass computer that you don't need to get started with right? The truth is you don't need a VPS, you don't need some these shitty fucking AI models and you don't need to purchase an expensive fucking computer to do any of the shit that you see me doing with running businesses whatever it is. You can get started at the price of one Chipotle burrito a fucking month. All you need to do is download Hermes agent. You just go to Hermes agent. You copy this one line of code, you paste it in the terminal of your computer. There Hermes is going to ask you what AI model you use. I'm not sponsored because I'm unsponsorable so trust me when I tell you this. This is the only AI model you fucking need especially this one. Just start with a $20 a month subscription and you are going to want to slowly upgrade your setup as your agent provides you more value in your life in automating your businesses and whatever else you have them do. Don't over complicate any of this. It's very simple. One line of fucking code. This will take you two minutes to do and then you just connect your GPT 5.5 subscription and then Hermes will ask you how you want to talk to your agent. You'll just select telegram and then you make a telegram account and connect it. To over complicate any of this shit. It's very simple. You don't need to be technical. You don't need to know how to code to do any of this. Once you have your Hermes agent set up, you should immediately just start articulating what you want that agent to do. Don't spend hundreds of hours learning how all this shit works. Just get straight to building bro. That's exactly what I did. You can watch a thousand hours of basketball but you will never be good at basketball unless you actually play basketball. You gain experience with AI in the same way by getting hands on with the agents. talking to the agents and seeing what output they give you. One by one as you build up your workforce within a few short months, you can have a setup easily that looks like this and managing multiple businesses and even or maybe even 10 times more insane than even mine.